a glorious day and the prospect of a
tasty grand final rematch drew the
masses to Eden Park in a frenetic start
the Warriors had a golden opportunity to
strike first but it was the seagulls
creating space on the right with some
slick passing that wasn't enough for the
Wolfman though the mercurial wingers
contribution to manly second try was
simply breathtaking
someone's been
was there a catcher just we've just seen
the trailer season the New Zealand
Defence was struggling against the speed
of the visitors attack manly firing the
ball left with success with great
success now their third try escape on
the left and there were more worries for
the Warriors when Jerome rep RT limped
off in his first game back from a knee
reconstruction but things started
looking up for the men in white when
Shawn Johnson took off on a stuttering
run
and Johnson delivers the pass tomorrow
vannamei and the Warriors have their
first try what a check in the Box Shawn
Johnson is and that was just a warm-up
for the Warriors Twinkletoes halfback
after that lightning start the seagulls
lead was shaved to six points at the
break
again it was manly who were quick out of
the blocks in the second half but
Johnson chimed in once more this time
with a chaos causing chip the replays
confirming the ball went backwards into
the hands of Kevin mock the
supplementary now that's a try yep we've
won lotto and there it is Locke has got
it in his desperation to pull down the
scampering Lewis Brown Matt Balan
overstepped the mark and was given a
spell in the sin bin for his trouble
and didn't take long for the Warriors to
capitalize
but the seagulls soon regained their
composure and a clever dab from Jerry
Evans proved elusive trailing by
converted try the Warriors threw
everything into their last set but it
was all to no avail the seagulls
claiming of thrilling six-point victory
giving new coach Jeff 2v a winning start
to 2012
Melinda Farrell big pond sport